and now for some phony stuff that's
right
you can make your phone announce who's
calling use it to take
super sharp macro photos or set your
gadget to unlock
automatically when you're at home or in
a safe place
and these are just a few of the many
things you can do to upgrade your device
[Music]
turn off the sound on your phone so that
the charge lasts longer
and don't forget the vibration it's a
real energy waster
the phone will charge much quicker if
you do it through an outlet
you can use a usb cable to charge your
device from your computer or in a car
but you'll have to wait longer
if you need to hide your number just
once enter pound
31 pound phone number your device will
make a call but the person you're
calling
won't see the phone number this feature
works only with a current call
your phone feels hot and stuffy in its
case that's why it's better to remove it
when the gadget's juicing up
then the heat will freely escape through
the phone body instead of accumulating
inside the case if you need to give your
phone to someone
but still want to keep your personal
data confidential
use guest mode swipe down from the top
with two fingers
and touch the user icon on the upper
right the add guest icon will appear
choose which actions the person handling
your smartphone will be allowed to take
[Music]
you can use your phone as a tv remote
certain apps allow you to connect to
your tv
through wi-fi or bluetooth
wireless chargers aren't nearly as
effective as conventional ones when it
comes to speed
they're convenient and look nice but if
you need to charge your phone quickly
wireless charging is a no go
by default the power button gives you
several options to choose from
silent mode airplane mode or shutting
your phone down
dailing star pound star pound 7594
pound star pound star will let you
change your power button settings
this code works only on android phones
now you tell me use a lens from a laser
pointer to get
ultra sharp macro photos put the laser
lens in the open
end of a bobby pin place it over your
back camera
and tape the pin in place
the code star 4 3 pound activates call
waiting
it'll keep you informed on when a second
call is trying to come through
you'll also be able to answer that call
right away
if you go to settings accessibility
magnification gestures
you'll be able to zoom in on any part of
your smartphone's display
just by tapping it this feature is
crucial for people with poor eyesight
make sure to turn off bluetooth when you
aren't using it
it'll help you to unblock necessary and
potentially harmful downloads
and no intruder will manage to get to
the data you store on your phone
if you want to rewrite a word or correct
a mistake
hold down the space button and move the
cursor to the desired location
you can make an ultraviolet flashlight
from a phone
some scotch tape and two markers a blue
and a purple one
attach one piece of the transparent tape
over the flash
and color it with the blue marker add
the second layer
the last layer should be purple turn on
your phone's flashlight in the dark
and you'll see some curious stuff
the announce calls feature will make
your phone tell you the caller's name
through the headphones
the combination star 3001
pound one two three four five pound star
will take you to your phone's field mode
you'll see the information about your
sim card in a pop-up menu
it'll also show you the efficiency of
the mobile network
and the signal level in numbers -50 to
minus 79 is good enough to stream
hd videos minus 120 means the signal is
weak
do keep your home screen as tidy as
possible
when it's cluttered your device
struggles to load all this stuff in one
place
it puts unnecessary stress on the
hardware which slows the phone down
[Music]
you can have two apps running side by
side or one above the other on your
android phone
to enable this mode hit the overview
button that's a square icon located
below the screen
pick the apps you want to open and drag
the title bars to the left
or the top of the display choose one
more app to appear
under or alongside the first one
now this trick works only on samsung
galaxy phones
if you have problems with your audio try
dialing star
pound 7353 pound you'll see a list of
options to choose from pick speaker
if you hear loud music playing your
speaker is alright
if there's no sound your phone has to be
fixed
smart lock will help your phone to
figure out safe areas
where it'll always unlock automatically
on android phones
go to settings security or security and
location
smart lock enter your password and
follow the on-screen instructions
this function works if you have android
5.0
or newer if you know your phone's
battery is about to run low
and the next charge is nowhere in sight
don't use the camera
especially with the flash on it drains
the battery way faster than any other
app
[Music]
this trick is for android owners with
chrome as the default browser
make sure you're connected to chrome
then open a new tab
find the recent tabs option in the
bottom right corner of the screen
tap it and you'll see all the urls that
are open
on your other devices the code
star pound 5005 star
7672 pound allows you to find the phone
number of your carrier service center
it can be useful if you have to contact
them with any phone related issues you
have
your phone can help you check if your tv
remote needs new batteries
just open your phone's camera app and
switch it to the front-facing view
take the remote control point it at the
camera and press
any button you'll see a flickering red
light on your phone screen
if your remote's batteries are working
fine if not
go get you some new batteries
if you have an android device and prefer
to hear incoming information
rather than see it go to settings
accessibility
and turn on the text to speech output
option
[Music]
for additional safety of android devices
go to settings
security device administrators check the
boxes next to android device manager
remotely locate this device and allow
remote lock and erase
now if you lose your smartphone you can
locate and block
it via a special website without losing
your data
the code star pound 76 pound
will allow you to see the number your
smartphone is currently using
to forward incoming calls when you don't
answer
[Music]
if you haven't changed the settings your
calls get forwarded to your provider's
voicemail service
but you can replace it with any other
number for example your office phone
phone number or somebody else's phone
on an android go to settings call
more settings call forwarding if you
have an iphone
change the number in settings phone call
forwarding
there's no need to buy a separate 3g
modem or a router
to use the internet on different devices
your smartphone is enough
go to settings tethering and portable
hotspot
and turn on portable wlan hotspot
[Music]
your phone's imei contains a lot of
important data
the manufacturing date the date of
purchase warranty information
with its help you can get to know
whether the device was lost or repaired
dial star pound zero six pound on your
phone
and you'll see the imei number type it
in
at a special website and you'll learn a
lot about your gadget
[Music]